feat: clustering analysis routine through clustering module (#2063)
disorderedmaterials/dissolve: web/docs/userguide/modules/analysis/clustering/_index.md

Should a use case extend the capabilities of static/dyanmic sites, fragment sites may be used. These allow more specific site definitions and more general directionality checks due to shedding the requirement for hydrogen to be the intermediary. What this means in principle is any atom in a molecule can be set to the origin, and directionality to another origin can be checked using any other set of atoms on the molecule. Another potential use is if instead of both sites acting as both donors and acceptors, it is of interest for only one site to be a donor despite the acceptor's origin's bonds to hydrogen (which would normally automatically cause it to act as a donor as well). In this case, the acceptor site should be defined as a fragment without a #other group (see below).

> Fragment sites require a NETA defintion, for which there is a separate docs page. Beyond that, there are some specific requirements for using Fragment sites with `Clustering`. A typical clustering compatible NETA defintion for a -X-H group (for some origin element X) is `-X(#origin, -H(n=2, #other))` meaning: we're looking for a bond to an X (which is tagged as the origin) where this X has bonded to it two (n=2) hydrogens which will both be tagged as #other. There are a few things to note here: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fragment sites require a [NETA connectivity definition]({{< ref neta >}}). Beyond that, there are some specific requirements for using Fragment sites with `Clustering`. A typical clustering compatible NETA defintion for a -X-H group (for some origin element X) is `-X(#origin, -H(n=2, #other))` meaning: we're looking for a bond to an X (which is tagged as the origin) where this X has bonded to it two (n=2) hydrogens which will both be tagged as #other. There are a few things to note here: 
```
